---
title: workout
header:
  overlay_image: /assets/images/20161202SF/DSCF2440.jpg
  overlay_filter: 0.5
---

Why did you start working out?

Long story short, a break up.

Short story long, well... It's almost been two years since I started hitting the gym for at least 3 times a week religiously. So about two years ago, I was in a long term relationship. Earlier that year, I took a four month internship in Tokyo, Japan and between the long distance and the feelings for her that were already withering, shortly after I came back to Canada, I didn't feel excited to see her. I thought she would be the first person I would see and catch up with, but we didn't see each other for about a whole week. I feel like that's pretty bad on us. After I finally saw her, we hung out, went on a couple dates, and I suddenly realized that the fire was gone. I find it weird, but I never gave it a lot of thought, and I didn't even know it was going to happen. Something just came over me one night after our last date. We broke up. I broke up with her. We said we didn't want to lose each other as friends. So for a while, I stopped thinking about her and I stopped talking to her.

We were both in University at the time and we were broken up at the beginning of a new semester, and that semester was difficult for me in terms of studying. I was constantly studying for assignments and exams. It was very stressful. About half-way through, I started to feel depressed. Nothing too serious, but I felt like there was a void in my life. I thought I would start talking to her again, to reconnect as friends. We started talking again and it was at this point where I felt like I made a terrible decision breaking it off we her. More and more often, I would ask her if she wanted to grab food and just hang out with me. My intentions were to show her I wanted to be with her again. She came along with me and eventually I told her what I was doing and if she would get back together with me. After much talking and tears, she said no, and that devastated me.

It changed a lot about me. I stopped talking to her for good. I unfollowed and deleted her from all my social media accounts. I quit social media to get away from reminders of her. My self-esteem was at an all time low. All I could think about was her in everything I did. I needed distractions. I took upon many many hobbies during this time. The best distraction that I found was going to the gym.

I would use my feelings as fuel in the gym. I would leave feeling accomplished, and my mood lifted. It was therapy for me, but my wounds were still there for a long time. Still, things reminded me of her, and when they would, I always seemed to have a better gym sessions, where I would just go ham on the weights. After the rejection, the only times we would talk would be during our birthdays, to greet each other. And it as on these days where I felt like all of my emotional progress have just been reset to that time again. It was on these days especially where the gym was much needed.

Looking back, I feel like I was the bad guy in that relationship, and I feel terrible about it. I felt like I was the Adam Levine in the movie, Begin Again. Nobody liked his character! He was an asshole! I felt like I was the biggest asshole too for breaking up with this girl and then trying to get her back. Please don't think I'm an asshole though, I'm a nice guy. I was in a very bad place at the time, and I'm very sorry to this girl for all the shit I had to put her through in my attempt to get her back.

Anyways, that was about two years ago. I haven't talked to her since. I'm still hitting the gym, six days a week.
